Update social authentication docs (#5782)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/integrations/social-authentication.md

`.*@example.com` will make `alice@example.com` a staff user, while `bob@partner.example.com` or `chris@example.org` will be non-staff users.

## Login speed-up

> You can bypass the login form if you are only using SSO/Social Auth for logging in by enabling the two environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can bypass the login form if you are only using SSO/Social authentication for login in by enabling these two environment variables:
```

```
DD_SOCIAL_LOGIN_AUTO_REDIRECT: "true"
DD_SOCIAL_AUTH_SHOW_LOGIN_FORM: "false"
```

> These values can also be adjust in `dojo/settings/settings.dist.py`

Reviewer: Configurations shall not be changed in `settings.dist.py` directly. We have a documentation page how to do it. Please remove that line.
